== FakeCAS

{FakeCAS}[https://fakecas.heroku.com] is a development tool that aims to ease the process of creating a CAS
client by pretending to be a CAS 1.0 compliant server. This means you don't have to setup an actual CAS server
to test your client code. In addition, it gives you an easy way to play with some of the parameters that are
sent back and forth between the client and the server.

== Capabilities

Currently, FakeCAS supports only what I need it to, and is thus not fully CAS 1.0 compliant. It supports the
following URLs and gives back a fake, randomlly generated ticket (which is probably not compliant):

* <tt>GET /login?service=some_url</tt> - Stores the service and displays a login prompt for the user.
* <tt>POST /login?service=some_url</tt> - Accepts the POST username parameter generated from the login page (or your own code if you prefer) and redirects to the service stored via <tt>GET /login</tt>. You can override the stored service by providing a new one as an optional parameter.
* <tt>GET /logout?service=some_url</tt> - Clears the saved data and redirects to the requested service.
* <tt>GET /validate?ticket=12345-67890-12345-67890</tt> - If the ticket is found, it prints out <tt>"yes\n#{username}"</tt>. Otherwise, it prints out <tt>no</tt>.

== Development Plan

Currently FakeCAS does just enough to be useful to me, however I do have some plans for it.

1. Make it look a little bit nicer by actually providing some styles for the login page.
2. Flesh out the CAS 1.0 compatibility.
3. Work on CAS 2.0 compatibility.
4. Ensure it works with all versions of the CAS specification.

== Contributing

If you would like to help on any of the development fronts, just fork the repo and send me a pull request. If
you're intereseted in becoming a core contributer, send me a few useful pull requests first, then contact me
with how you'd like to help and I'll put you on the team!

If you're a designer and want to create a really great landing page for FakeCAS, contact me through Github and
we'll get things under way. I'm not much of a designer myself, so any help from a professional designer (i.e.
one who makes any money from design work) would be greatly appreciated!
